hey something good finally came out of
2020 a massive jailbreak has just been
released which covers just about every
eye device from the iPhone 6s to the
newest 20/20 iPad pro and all the way
from iOS 11 to the newest iOS 13 point 5
this is an unprecedented ly large
jailbreak and so I'm going to show you
how to do it how to undo it if you
decide that it's not really for you some
general maintenance tips and of course
I'm going to show you the best weeks
that you have to try out to take your
iPhone to the next level before we get
started there are a couple of important
disclaimers that I need to get out of
the way first jailbreaking iOS is
completely legal and exempt under the
United States DMCA no yes piracy like
installing crack taps and tweak taps
have been an infamous reason to
jailbreak but stay away from that crap I
mean not only is it dishonest but you
really shouldn't need me to tell you
that randomly installing pirated stuff
from unknown sources is an
extraordinarily bad idea secondly this
jailbreak is very safe and can be
removed easily but it goes without
saying make sure you have a localized or
an iCloud backup before you proceed in
the extremely likely circumstance that
you need to restore your phone
third Google is your friend look this
video is going to try and be as
comprehensive as possible but I can do
the impossible if you experience an
anomaly you're likely not the first
person to experience it so search the
web reddit jailbreak forums etc don't
ask me in the comments down below
alright first you're going to need to
install an app called alt store on your
device now obviously this isn't in the
App Store you're going to need to use a
Mac or Windows PC but it's very very
easy to do you can either follow there
step by step very simple instructions
guide on their website or if videos are
more your speed check out my previous
video that includes an entire step by
step walkthrough which you can find by
clicking here hello hey there we go here
look a quick note on security all store
is open-source and has been vetted by a
lot of reputable programmers as safe and
you can even analyze the package
yourself but if you're a little worried
about sending your Apple ID through some
weird third-party app even though it
just goes to Apple directly you can
either generate a one
time-specific password for that specific
application by heading to apple.com or
you can do what I did because my Apple
ID has other problems just create a
burner account your very own Apple ID
and use that to provision and install
all store works great
ok once all store is installed we need
to sideload the uncover jailbreak app
now this can be done by either pressing
open in all store on the uncover website
that I've linked down below or by
downloading the IPA file directly in
Safari opening alt store navigating to
the my apps tab and then you got to
press the plus button and then finally
select the uncover dot I PA from your
downloads folder it's important to know
that your alt server on your PC or your
Mac must be running for this install to
be successful once that's completed open
the new uncover app that you have on
your home screen and press jailbreak now
during this process your phone will
reboot and when it comes back its gonna
look like nothing has happened but rest
assured it has this jailbreak is a semi
tethered jailbreak meaning that every
time you turn off your phone or reboot
your device it'll seem like your
jailbreak is gone like it's disappeared
no it hasn't the modified file system is
still intact underneath the base
operating system but you're going to
need to open that uncover app and push
the blue jailbreak or it might say regio
break button again to start with the
patched jailbreak kernel so you push
jailbreak you'll reboot you push
jailbreak again and then it'll come back
and then every time you turn off your
device after that you're going to need
to open that app press jailbreak and
then you'll be exposed to the open
jailbreak environment and once you do
that you will see the Cydia packet
manager installed on your phone now
Cydia allows you to install tweaks
themes and more what are known as
packages now because Cydia is an open
platform you can install software
packages from basically any source you
want or sometimes they're referred to as
repositories or repos now Cydia ships
with a few default repos but they're
largely outdated so I suggest adding the
repo where the developer of whatever
you're trying to install actually hosts
their packages I should also note that
packets one of the best repos out there
has generously offered fie
hundred of you the chance to win any
paid package you want for free simply
navigate to the contest entry form below
and get entered to win so snazzy lapse
packets pretty sweet 500 free keys all
the packages that I'm going to recommend
in this video have their sources listed
in the video description below but a
great way to find the right repo for the
package you wanna install if you don't
really know where it's from is by using
iOS repo updates com now once you find
the source of the repository that you
want to add to Cydia enter cydia tap
sources then edit then the Add button
and then type or paste the URL and tap
Add source once the source has been
added you can browse through the hosted
packages manually or you can use the
search function built into Cydia
now the astute among you might have
noticed a problem if we reboot our phone
our jailbroken kernel won't load which
means that Cydia won't open and none of
our tweaks will work of course as I
stated earlier this isn't really a big
deal because we can just open the
uncover app regenerate and everything
will be back to normal however and
unless you have a $99 per year developer
account the uncover app and the alts for
app need to be re-signed every seven
days by Apple otherwise they expire and
they will refuse to open now alt server
the software that we utilized on our
computer is pretty good and it will try
to resize these apps as long as you're
on the same Wi-Fi network before these
devices before these apps expire but
what if you're not home when it tries to
do that or what if you don't want to
keep alt server running on your computer
all the time especially if you're on a
Mac and you have to keep the mail app
open at all times it's not ideal so I
suggest an app called reprovision which
allows you to sign apps directly on your
iDevice so what you're going to need to
do is add the reprovision source to
Cydia that I have listed below and then
install the latest version of
reprovision once you open the
application you will log in with the
same Apple ID that you use to install
alt server same password too obviously
and then hit the second tab on this app
then hit manage certificates and then
click revoke all certificates now you
can go back to the main page of this app
and you'll be able to renew that
seven-day window on both alts tour and
uncover whenever you want you can I even
schedule them so that they'll never
lapse with notification warnings if
they're about to expire pretty handy and
that's how you jailbreak two extra tips
number one you can sometimes install by
accident a couple of tweaks that kind of
clash together they don't play nicely
and they crash your system whenever you
try to open your jailbroken kernel not
ideal obviously now your Joe breaks not
ruined your phone's not destroyed all
you have to do is open the uncover app
in the stock I Oh s environment tap the
Settings cog and then turn off load
tweaks tap Done and then tap Riju break
what this will do is allow you to boot
into the jailbroken kernel with all of
your extensions and kind of packages
disabled which will allow you to open
Cydia and uninstall whatever package you
installed that is screwing stuff up and
causing you trouble then after that you
just go back in to uncover turn on load
tweaks and then retail break and you're
set number two let's say you hate
jailbreaking okay simply turn on restore
root FS and then refresh icon cache to
get rid of that Cydia logo and you're
basically done everything should be
deleted once you're booted back into the
operating system you can delete all
store and then delete uncover as you
would any other app and there will be no
trace that you ever did anything awesome
okay so now that you know the basics how
to jailbreak how to add repos and
install packages let's talk about some
of the coolest things that you can do
with your newly jailbroken device many
really really good tweaks are paid but
there are also a lot of excellent weeks
that are absolutely free
I'm gonna show you a mix of both now
repos for these packages will be listed
in the video description below or of
course you can use the website that I
referred to earlier this might be the
best $3.00 I've ever spent in my life
okay insta launcher gives you a little
nub and when you pull it out you get a
row of your recent apps as well as an
alphabetized list of every app on your
phone it is so much faster than
spotlight search are frantically swiping
around your homescreen that it's not
even funny now it's not admittedly very
gorgeous but who cares because this
might be the best single tweak that I
have ever used it is a game changer for
power users like me and like you
snowboard is the successor to the winter
board theming engine you can download
whatever theme you want and there are
many that are free and many that are
paid you do it from within Cydia and
then once you do that you navigate to
the snowboard settings screen and you
can install them with one tap
what's cool about snowboard is you can
use multiple icon packs together and you
can even double tap a specific app icon
to change its icon independently of the
rest of the theme it is very powerful
and very fantastic I've linked a few of
my favorite themes that I've shown in
this video down below I don't have an
Apple watch anymore because I am a
mechanical wrist watch guy but I did
enjoy the Handy Apple watch
complications that I could view at a
glance for information and the tweak
complications brings those back from
weather to battery status to alarms to
app launching and more complications
allows you to set up rows and columns of
widgets to your heart's content
YouTube reborn is amazing it heavily
modifies the stock YouTube app to your
heart's content with more features than
you can probably even imagine of course
you can replicate YouTube's premium
features like disabling ads or enabling
background playback but it does a lot
more for example you can allow HD video
on cellular data if your crappy cell
phone carrier doesn't believe in net
neutrality or you can disable entire
sections of the app so long trending you
can change the loud and overlay and more
it's great velux
is a very old super og jailbreak tweak
that Apple basically stole a few years
ago to turn into 3d touch a few months
ago the developer resurrected the name
and created velox reloaded it allows you
to put widgets on your home screen you
can do the built-in app widgets like for
example this Tesla one or you can use
one of the Laxus fantastic-looking ones
like weather music clock watch and more
I do warn you the Laxus documentation
isn't very good and getting things
working the first time is a bit of a
hassle since the setup itself is kind of
buggy but once everything is I've been
running it works great there's not a
problem at all and it looks even better
I can't wait for Apple to steal this
idea the lock screen now plain view on
iOS is nice but it takes up a lot of
space sylph allows you to cuss
the size optionally hide album art you
can hide the duration labels and you can
change the background at free dollars
wow that's a pretty easy download I
leave my phone on a wireless charger at
my desk during a large portion of the
day and it's nice to see incoming
notifications at a glance short look
does exactly that
notifications fly on to the display
allowing for readability at a distance
it looks amazing on an OLED screen it is
unobtrusive and it disappears as soon as
you pick up your phone or tap the
display there is configuration beyond
your wildest dreams as I'm sure you
would expect and it's a simple tweak
that quickly becomes indispensable
Digital battery 13 is pretty
self-explanatory turn that vague battery
bar into a tangible percentage value you
can change the sizing the alignment
color and more this one is a must-have
if you'll recall my original iPhone 10
video I talked about how Control Center
was a design nightmare I felt like it
was in a stupid spot and that it was
poorly laid out years later I still feel
the same and so did the developer of
prism which has made the control center
replacement that I wish Apple did you
can launch it from multiple locations
including the bottom corners which is
really really nice and it gives you
quick access to standard control center
toggles gives you a much better media
widget and gives you weather and
Bluetooth device statuses if you fancy
as well it is powerful it looks great
and all I gotta say is take notes Timmy
boy this one's really simple it hides
the home bar on modern iPhones and
that's it it's great to have it go away
but now you might have a bunch of blank
space down there thinking what should I
put down there introducing the other
tweak that you're going to want to
install also free saw Sabri claims that
blank space and gives you more vertical
real estate they are two very very tiny
tweaks but getting rid of that bottom
space and home bar makes a big
difference and makes the phone feel
bigger carrier crack kind of sounded
like a scam until I tried it it replaces
your telecoms carrier firmware and
promises boosted signal and speeds
thanks to the addition of a bunch of
hidden cell features that carriers or
Apple have decided to lock
and here's the thing it works I
consistently got faster download and
upload speeds over LTE with it installed
and I even got data albeit slowly in a
location where I notoriously never have
service for those of you with a carrier
that blocks hotspot functionality or
restrictive this week also removes that
restriction 100% recommended this thing
is freaking sweet are you sick of
swiping up to dismiss the lockscreen on
your face ID enable device
well auto and lock acts skips that step
and goes straight to your home screen as
soon as face ID grabs your adorable mug
of course there are parameters which
allow you to disable auto unlock and
certain circumstances like if you have
notifications or if you're playing music
it's really really excellent app store
plus plus allows you to bypass the 200
megabyte download limit over cellular it
blocks search ads but most importantly
it allows you to downgrade an upgrade to
specific builds of apps that are still
hosted on Apple servers you can also
block updates now why would you want to
do this okay here's an example
fantastical is a great app but it moved
to a subscription model in version 3
which pissed off a lot of owners of
version 2 well guess what with this app
you can downgrade to version 2 it's been
restored to its full glory and
everything is well in the world I'm an
old man okay I still talk on the phone a
lot and you know what that stupid
fullscreen call interface for iOS sucks
scorpion replaces it with your choice of
six different styles you can still get
full access to your controls and you can
customize it to your heart's content
from color to animations to gestures and
more if you use your iPhone as well a
phone give it a shot this is probably
one of my favorite tweaks
however since 3d touch disappeared
navigating text on iOS just hasn't been
as good holding the spacebar down on the
keyboard and waiting for the curse of
selection thing to pop up isn't life or
death but it takes time
swipe selection is a crazy old tweak
that still works just great
swipe directly on the keyboard to move
the cursor in between characters you
don't have to wait for the spacebar it's
free it works and it's well great you
know when your hat is on your pillow and
you try to unlock your phone and face
ideas just being a jerk and refuses to
work
intelligent pass allows you to disable
face ID or touch ID or even your
passcode when it isn't necessary like
when you're on specific and Wi-Fi
networks or when you're connected to car
play or Bluetooth devices and more this
is a really really powerful one that's
super handy when you're at home or at
the work or somewhere where you trust
the people around you
speaking of theming if you're like me
and you really need labels underneath
your app icons but you really dig the
look of no labels well shy labels is for
you they disappear until you scroll your
finger on the display and then they pop
back into existence to help you find an
app only to disappear yet again wake up
okay this next one is important some
banking apps like PayPal or some social
networks like snapchat can detect when
your device is jailbroken and they'll
either refuse to open or in the case of
snapchat
they'll temporarily ban you using a
tweak called tweak restrictor you can
disable code injection in these apps and
so they will once again have no idea
that your jailbroken flicks ratings
really only does one thing but it does
it very very well it integrates Rotten
Tomatoes reviews into the Netflix app so
you don't have to go through wondering
if the movie that Netflix is
recommending to you is any good it's
simple but great quick LS walk screen
allows you to do basically what every
Android phone can do if that is remap
the lockscreen buttons now if you need
more than two buttons you can also stack
them there is a multitude of
customization features to make things
look good and work just as well and for
a buck well I think it's worth it
Twitter plus plus is super powerful so I
can go into every option but as a
Twitter fanatic it is amazing it
modifies the stock Twitter app and
allows you to do a bunch of stuff that
Twitter probably doesn't want you doing
like downloading gifts photos and videos
directly from the app sharing and
copying links changing the default web
browser continuing to see tweets from
users that have blocked you to confirm
favoriting a tweet so you don't have a
Ted Cruz scenario and more twenty plus
plus is free and it is pretty awesome I
honestly don't know how Apple's standard
alarm system can still be so bare-bones
there's nobody wake up over there snooze
for example can only be nine minutes and
there is no way to skip an
alarm or set away dates well sleeper
takes care of all of that change the
snooze time / alarm and give yourself
the ability to skip an alarm before you
go to bed the night before you can also
choose blackout dates manually or by
major US holiday so that that 6 a.m.
alarm doesn't go off on your day off did
you forget your Wi-Fi password or maybe
your friend's Wi-Fi password or wait I
know you probably didn't but maybe you
just forgot the Wi-Fi password from the
hotel you stayed at four years ago well
with Wi-Fi passwords list you can well
see every password from every Wi-Fi
network you've ever connected to comes
in handy
changing your home screen layout on iOS
is nothing new but home plus pro is
dynamic and allows you to see that
changes real time
increase the number of columns or rows
hide your doc hide app labels add
widgets change offset values and more
this is a really really powerful one
that I think is a must-have it's not a
different day we didn't lose some of our
footage right look YouTube's bitrate for
video frankly sucks the videos that we
make here at the office look amazing on
the computers we edit on and then we
upload them to YouTube we get all
excited and well they look crunchy and
compressed now streaming at a higher
resolution and then down sampling to the
display you're going to play back on
does help but unfortunately the iPhone
for whatever reason is locked to 1080p
max inside of the YouTube app well not
anymore
with whitey HD unlocker you can get up
to 4k video stream to your device and
then downsampled and it looks great even
on a 720p em you know iphone screen but
it looks especially fantastic on
something like an iPad now I should warn
you this isn't working in the latest
version of the YouTube app so you're
going to have to download apps for plus
plus and then downgrade the YouTube app
to fifteen point 18.4 or earlier but
presumably the developer will fix this
in a tweak upgrade soon wow that's it
for me thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video please give it a
like if you didn't that other button
seems to work okay - don't forget to
enter the giveaway that we have linked
below and let me know in the comments
below what
have I missed what are some of your
favorites because I know there are so
many that I haven't talked about thank
you so much for watching and as always
stay snazzy see you later folks